README.md, before:

![Header](https://i.ibb.co/L6nV4Kg/banner.png)

### I'm Mostafiz,
###### A Software Engineer ( Frontend || Blockchain)

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a passionate software engineer with a strong focus on frontend technology also strong working knowledge in blockchain. With a total of 3.5 years of professional experience, including 2.5 years in frontend development and 1 year as a junior web developer, I bring a diverse skill set to the table.

---
### Language and Tools
 
 ###### Web
 
 <div>
  <img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="JS" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="Tailwind" width="55px" src="https://i.ibb.co/hdHgfkg/tailwind.png" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="JS" width="30px" src="https://i.ibb.co/tzm118d/nodejs-1-logo-png-transparent.png" style="max-width: 100%;"> 
  <br/>   
</div>

###### Blockchain
<div>
 <img align="left" alt="Ethereum" width="25px" src="https://cryptologos.cc/logos/versions/ethereum-eth-logo-diamond-purple.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
 <img align="left" alt="React" width="45px" src="https://github.com/topu0075/topu0075/blob/main/web3js-seeklogo.com.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
 
 <br/>
</div>

 #
 
<!--
 
💻 Expertise:
 - Blockchain Platforms: Ethereum, Hyperledger Besu, Bitcore, Solana, Hyperledger Fabric
 - Blockchain (Smart Contract): Solidity
 - Blockchain Tools: Web.j, Ether.js, Web3.js, 
 - Web Development: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React
--> 
 
🌟 What I Bring to the Table:
  - Web Development: My background in web development equips me with strong skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, enabling me to build user-friendly and responsive interfaces for web applications. I'm particularly proficient in React, a popular JavaScript framework for creating dynamic and interactive UIs.
  - Blockchain Development: I have hands-on experience in developing decentralized applications (DApps) using Solidity and Ethereum. I'm well-versed in the Web3.js library for interacting with    Ethereum smart contracts, ensuring seamless integration of front-end and back-end components.
  - Knowledge in Blockchain Ecosystem: In addition to Ethereum, I have a basic understanding of other blockchain platforms, such as Solana and Hyperledger Fabric. This allows me to adapt and work on different blockchain ecosystems as per project requirements.
  - Problem Solving and Collaboration: I thrive on tackling complex problems and finding innovative solutions. I believe in the power of collaboration and enjoy working in diverse teams to build scalable and efficient software solutions.

#
🚀 My Goals:

As a passionate front-end developer, my core objective is to apply my skills and expertise to advance user interface design and contribute to the evolution of web applications. I am driven by a continuous pursuit of excellence in creating seamless, visually appealing, and user-friendly interfaces. Eager to embrace new challenges and opportunities that enable me to innovate and push the boundaries of what is achievable in front-end development.


#
📫 Let's Connect:

If you're interested in discussing blockchain, web development, or collaborating on an exciting project, feel free to reach out to me via the following channels:

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mostafizur-rahman-6b5b12157/
mail: rahman.topu67@gmail.com

Thank you for visiting my GitHub profile! I look forward to connecting with you and exploring the possibilities together. Happy coding! 😄

Commit message:

Update README.md (update expertise)

README.md, after:

![Header](https://i.ibb.co/L6nV4Kg/banner.png)

### I'm Mostafiz,
###### A Software Engineer ( Frontend || Blockchain)

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a passionate software engineer with a strong focus on frontend technology also strong working knowledge in blockchain. With a total of 3.5 years of professional experience, including 2.5 years in frontend development and 1 year as a junior web developer, I bring a diverse skill set to the table.

---
### Language and Tools
 
 ###### Web
 
 <div>
  <img align="left" alt="React" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="JS" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="Tailwind" width="55px" src="https://i.ibb.co/hdHgfkg/tailwind.png" style="max-width: 100%;">
  <img align="left" alt="JS" width="30px" src="https://i.ibb.co/tzm118d/nodejs-1-logo-png-transparent.png" style="max-width: 100%;"> 
  <br/>   
</div>

###### Blockchain
<div>
 <img align="left" alt="Ethereum" width="25px" src="https://cryptologos.cc/logos/versions/ethereum-eth-logo-diamond-purple.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
 <img align="left" alt="React" width="45px" src="https://github.com/topu0075/topu0075/blob/main/web3js-seeklogo.com.svg" style="max-width: 100%;">
 
 <br/>
</div>

 #
 
<!--
 
💻 Expertise:
 - Blockchain Platforms: Ethereum, Hyperledger Besu, Bitcore, Solana, Hyperledger Fabric
 - Blockchain (Smart Contract): Solidity
 - Blockchain Tools: Web.j, Ether.js, Web3.js, 
 - Web Development: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React
--> 
 
🌟 What I Bring to the Table:
  - Web Development: My background in web development equips me with strong skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, enabling me to build user-friendly and responsive interfaces for web applications. I'm particularly proficient in React, a popular JavaScript framework for creating dynamic and interactive UIs.
  - Expertise in Front-End Development: Alongside mastery in React.js, I possess advanced skills in Redux for efficient state management and React Router for seamless client-side navigation. This versatile knowledge equips me to adapt and excel in various front-end ecosystems, ensuring flexibility and effectiveness in meeting project requirements."
  - Blockchain Development: I have hands-on experience in developing decentralized applications (DApps) using Solidity and Ethereum. I'm well-versed in the Web3.js library for interacting with    Ethereum smart contracts, ensuring seamless integration of front-end and back-end components.
  - Knowledge in Blockchain Ecosystem: In addition to Ethereum, I have a basic understanding of other blockchain platforms, such as Solana and Hyperledger Fabric. This allows me to adapt and work on different blockchain ecosystems as per project requirements.
  - Problem Solving and Collaboration: I thrive on tackling complex problems and finding innovative solutions. I believe in the power of collaboration and enjoy working in diverse teams to build scalable and efficient software solutions.

#
🚀 My Goals:

As a passionate front-end developer, my core objective is to apply my skills and expertise to advance user interface design and contribute to the evolution of web applications. I am driven by a continuous pursuit of excellence in creating seamless, visually appealing, and user-friendly interfaces. Eager to embrace new challenges and opportunities that enable me to innovate and push the boundaries of what is achievable in front-end development.


#
📫 Let's Connect:

If you're interested in discussing blockchain, web development, or collaborating on an exciting project, feel free to reach out to me via the following channels:

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mostafizur-rahman-6b5b12157/
mail: rahman.topu67@gmail.com

Thank you for visiting my GitHub profile! I look forward to connecting with you and exploring the possibilities together. Happy coding! 😄
